Updates for Migrate to Non Verifiable Callback URLs (#478)
auth0/docs-v2: main/docs/troubleshoot/product-lifecycle/deprecations-and-migrations/migrate-to-non-verifiable-callback-uri-end-user-confirmation.mdx

More specifically, for authentication requests specifying a custom URI scheme or loopback URI as callbacks, a login confirmation prompt can now be used in scenarios that would previously return a response without requiring user interaction. For example, in a single sign-on (SSO) scenario, if authentication request requirements can be satisfied from an existing authenticated session, the service will display the new login confirmation prompt instead of seamlessly returning a response to the specified custom URI scheme/loopback URI callback. Review the User Confirmation Prompt section [Measures Against Application Impersonation](/docs/secure/security-guidance/measures-against-app-impersonation) to learn more about the new prompt.

Tenants created before October 15, 2025, maintain the previous behavior as the default until April 28, 2026. After the October cutoff date, newly created tenants may default to displaying the new login confirmation prompt with some exceptions due to each environment's deployment schedule.

> The process for opting out of the login confirmation prompt for non-verifiable callback URIs is the same for all tenants regardless of the creation date. By explicitly opting out, tenants will skip this prompt indefinitely, even after April 28, 2026, when the service's default behavior generally changes to use the confirmation prompt and the corresponding migration toggle, Unconfirmed Login with Non-Verifiable Callback URI Redirects, is removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tenants that explicitly opt out will bypass this prompt indefinitely. This remains true even after April 28, 2026, when the service adopts the confirmation prompt as the default behavior and removes the "Unconfirmed Login with Non-Verifiable Callback URI Redirects" migration toggle.
```
This felt a bit wordy/top-heavy. Just splitting it up a bit.
